Camila Mercado
Three Timelines



0A) 	

	Daphne roams the woods, and encounters little of civilization. She is a Nymph, and confronts no subjectivity made up of anything other than the weight of her feet, or the resistance of a branch hitting a body in motion.

0B) 	

	A single electron is emitted. It moves through space in a linear trajectory, and must pass through a wall with two equidistant slits. It will go through both- simultaneously, as no one is there to object. 

0C)	

	Orbiting the earth are Vanguard 1, Ariel 1, and Alouette 1. The satellites sit in quiet observation of geodetic measurements, and the ionosphere through orbit analysis. They send back data, not yet organized by men. It is 1961.

1A)	

	Apollo and Daphne circle the earth three times.
	The god (Apollo), chases the non-reciprocating object of his affections (Daphne), his desire is unflinching, non-flexible.

1B) 	

	A monitor is set up to observe the next electron.
	When the electron reaches the double-slitted wall, it is meant to establish which pathway is chosen.

1C) 	

	Telstar is launched into orbit. 
	It is 1962, and three countries watch TV sets activated via telephone lines. They await Telstar’s promise of the first satellite broadcast of a television program.

2A) 	

	At the end of three rotations around the earth, Daphne grows tired enough for Apollo to catch up. She calls to her father the river god Peneus for aid in escaping Apollo’s embrace.

2B) 	

	The Monitor becomes aware of its target, and processes the electrons movevent in the binary terms of logic it was wired with. Left or right, on or off, true or false.

2C) 	

	Telstar is successfully orbiting the planet earth, and the task of locating it's position begins. Three earth-bound antennas probe space, ready to beam the first man made narrative beyond the confines of oxygen in the form of commercial broadcasting.


3A) 	

	The moment in which Apollo’s arm extends to grasp Daphne is the same in which her father observes her plight. Daphne is in a forced state of evasion or objectivity. 

3B) 	

	The moment in which the electron must pass through the wall is the same in which the monitor holds its gaze on the 2 points of passage, not equipped to process the possibility simultaneity. The electron is in a forced state of evasion or reflexivity.

3C) 	

	The moment is which the antennas catch hold of Telstar’s trajectory is the same in which a signal of man made narrative is programmed to pierce outer space in a non physical form. The narrative of space-time is in a forced state of evasion or subjectivity.

