The smooth white curve of something cold is beauty and indifference in a staring match.


Careful lines of liminality are hewn here, in this fine thing that was once a thing called marble. And forced within yet perhaps more likely from without, is that once singular moment, when Daphne blinked. 

The sprouting of ten fingertips like footnotes to Ovid, 
lean into the marble aged notions of antiquity 
that this here moment, is meaning distilled. 

And with a deep breath that somehow meant the female form 
and the trees and the water and the earth...

One quixotic nymph is fixed into a form less complicated than her own body. 


Two figures are hit by Cupids arrow. The god (Apollo), and the nymph (Daphne). And as the notions of marble aged antiquity seem to dictate (in perpetuity), tragedy follows. 

Apollo, is struck by an unflinching resolve to posess Daphne.
Daphne, is struck by an unflinching resolve to evade Apollo.

The two figures circle the planet earth in evasion, and pursuit. At the end of a third orbit around the globe, Daphne begins to decelerate (feeling an entropy that gods are not aqauinted with). 

The decrease in Daphne's veloctiy is a directly proportional inverse relationship to her increase in fear, and Appolo's increase in joy.

At this point Daphne's velocity/fear ratio is entirely unsymmetrical and in favor of terror, so she includes her father (the river god Peneus) in the equation by calling for help. 

The gaze of Peneus peirces through levels of sediment, rock, water and flesh to fix upon the quixotic form of the terror stricken nypmh. 

The sprouting of ten fingertips, is quickly followed by a hardening of the flesh, a rigidness to the hair, and the thick sappy gag of tree sap. 

Apollo, looks over the transformation in devastating glee. While Daphne is no a longer nymph, she is now incapable of flight, and defenseless against realization of Apollos ever present need to posess her as his own. 

And so time continues for Daphne, in the form of tree rungs, and a god curled around her limbs. 

Though Daphne is now a tree, Apollo continues to desire her. 
And as Daphne is now confined to a fixed point in space, Apollo can posess her.

Though Daphne is now a tree, she continues to despise Apollo.
But as trees even in mythology have no voice but the 














